Level Goal: "The credentials for the next level can be retrieved by submitting the password of the current level to a port on localhost in the range 31000 to 32000. First find out which of these ports have a server listening on them. Then find out which of those speak SSL and which don’t. There is only 1 server that will give the next credentials, the others will simply send back to you whatever you send to it."

After reading this, netcat (`nc`) came to mind for the scanning of the ports. I ran the `nc -z localhost 31000-32000` command initially, but I was flooded with refused connections. After doing a bit of reading and finding that netcat writes to stderr, I redirected that to stdout (`2>&1`) and piped it to a grep for succeeded connections. This left me with just what I was looking for. The full command is `nc -zv localhost 31000-32000 2>&1 | grep succeeded`.

While I could invidually check the few results that gave, I knew it would not be useful if I came across an example that had 1000 ports, rather than so few. I wanted a more automated approach, so I looked into `nmap`. In reading the manual, I found that it could get me the results I wanted in a single command without having to do any individaul checking. I ended up with the command `nmap -p 31000-32000 -sV localhost`, which made one port stand out quite a bit from the others. All open ports that I could connect to other than port 31790 were set to echo whatever I sent to them.

From here, you can send the password to where you need to send it with `echo cluFn7wTiGryunymYOu4RcffSxQluehd | openssl s_client -ign_eof  -connect localhost:31790`. While this does not give the password, it does get the credentials to log in to get them yourself. It gives a long SSH key, which you can then output to a file in a custom folder you may create in /tmp/. To do this, you can just add a `> sshkey.private` to the end of the last command. This file will need `chmod 400` run on it to work, as per the SSH documents that were helpful reading in previous levels. Then, using this new key to log in to the next level, simply read the password in /etc/bandit_pass/bandit17.

Password: xLYVMN9WE5zQ5vHacb0sZEVqbrp7nBTn
